Why can't my computer open?
Squeak
Sorry.
I just accidentally dropped your computer on the floor
Sunan, call the police now
The hospital just called to say
Auntie may be in a vegetative state for the rest of her life
Sunan, call the police now
Mu Zhizhi has hurt my aunt like this
Why haven't you called the police and left Chen Xunan?
Not supported
You really let me down.
No, I'm really not wrong.
You trust me.
The thing I regret the most in my life
Just to meet you
Humph
Did my sister do something wrong?
Not me.
Really not brother
I really didn't do it.
I didn't even see the silent face
It's really not me.
Brother, is that you?
What did you do?
My brother.
You are not with Muzhizhi at this time
What are you doing here?
Did you ruin his wedding?
No, but bro
I advise you again.
At this time, you should stay with Muzhizhi
Otherwise, be careful he gets snatched by Muzuni again
I told you I'm not your brother
How can you, an illegitimate child, be my brother?
You have to remember
You will always be just the illegitimate child of the Su family
So you have no right to count on me.
Walking slowly doesn't hurt
I'll tell you what.
I will never forgive you for anything at the beginning of Muzhi
Oh, right.
Forgot to tell you
I have agreed to return to Su's Group
The identity is the CEO
What? You never went back to the Su family before?
Now I have to pay so much for Mu Zhizhi
Miss Li Na
What's the matter with me?
i
I went to Chen Xunan to confess
You go and tell him
To keep him from marrying Kagi
You are helpless
Join me in framing Muzhizhi
Now this thing
You and I can only rot in our stomachs
Otherwise we're both going to jail
As for you and me, who can be the young lady of Wan?
We have to rely on our own skills.